docs: update client sdk get evaluation details (#155)
bucketeer-io/bucketeer-docs: docs/sdk/client-side/ios/index.md

This is useful if you use another A/B Test solution with Bucketeer and need to know the variation name, reason, and other information.

:::caution Deprecated

The `evaluationDetails` interface is deprecated. Please use the following [interfaces](#interfaces).

:::

#### Interfaces

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="swift" label="Swift">

```swift showLineNumbers
func boolVariationDetails(
  featureId: String, 
  defaultValue: Bool
) -> BKTEvaluationDetails<Bool>

func stringVariationDetails(
  featureId: String, 
  defaultValue: String
) -> BKTEvaluationDetails<String>

func intVariationDetails(
  featureId: String, 
  defaultValue: Int
) -> BKTEvaluationDetails<Int>

func doubleVariationDetails(
  featureId: String, 
  defaultValue: Double
) -> BKTEvaluationDetails<Double>

func objectVariationDetails(
  featureId: String, 
  defaultValue: BKTValue
) -> BKTEvaluationDetails<BKTValue>
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

#### Object

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="swift" label="Swift">

```swift showLineNumbers

> public struct BKTEvaluationDetails<T> {
>   public let featureId: String          // The ID of the feature flag
>   public let featureVersion: Int        // The version of the feature flag
>   public let userId: String             // The ID of the user being evaluated
>   public let variationId: String        // The ID of the assigned variation
>   public let variationName: String      // The name of the assigned variation
>   public let variationValue: T          // The value of the assigned variation
>   public let reason: Reason             // The reason for the evaluation
> 
>   public enum Reason: String {
>     case target = "TARGET"              // Evaluated using individual targeting
>     case rule = "RULE"                  // Evaluated using a custom rule
>     case `default` = "DEFAULT"          // Evaluated using the default strategy
>     case client = "CLIENT"              // The flag is missing in the cache. Default value returned
>     case offVariation = "OFF_VARIATION" // Evaluated using the off variation
>     case prerequisite = "PREREQUISITE"  // Evaluated using a prerequisite targeting
> 
>     static func fromString(value: String) -> Reason {
>         return Reason(rawValue: value.uppercased()) ?? .default
>     }
>   }
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
public struct BKTEvaluationDetails<T: Equatable>: Equatable {
    public let featureId: String          // The ID of the feature flag
    public let featureVersion: Int        // The version of the feature flag
    public let userId: String             // The ID of the user being evaluated
    public let variationId: String        // The ID of the assigned variation
    public let variationName: String      // The name of the assigned variation
    public let variationValue: T          // The value of the assigned variation
    public let reason: Reason             // The reason for the evaluation

    public enum Reason: String, Codable, Hashable {
        case target = "TARGET"              // Evaluated using individual targeting
        case rule = "RULE"                  // Evaluated using a custom rule
        case `default` = "DEFAULT"          // Evaluated using the default strategy
        case client = "CLIENT"              // The flag is missing in the cache. Default value returned
        case offVariation = "OFF_VARIATION" // Evaluated using the off variation
        case prerequisite = "PREREQUISITE"  // Evaluated using a prerequisite targeting

        public static func fromString(value: String) -> Reason {
            return Reason(rawValue: value) ?? .client
        }
    }
}
```

```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

#### Usage

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="swift" label="Swift">

```swift showLineNumbers

> let client = BKTClient.shared
> let showNewFeature = client.boolVariationDetails(featureId: "YOUR_FEATURE_FLAG_ID", defaultValue: false)
> if (showNewFeature.variationValue) {
>     // The Application code to show the new feature
> } else {
>     // The code to run when the feature is off
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
do {
    let client = try BKTClient.shared
    let showNewFeature = client.boolVariationDetails(featureId: "YOUR_FEATURE_FLAG_ID", defaultValue: false)
    if showNewFeature.variationValue {
        // The Application code to show the new feature
    } else {
        // The code to run when the feature is off
    }
} catch {
    print("An error occurred: \(error)")
    // Handle the error appropriately
}
```
